Fixes for the IJP Gradle Plugin 2.0 (#1301)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/appendix/tools/intellij_platform_gradle_plugin/tools_intellij_platform_gradle_plugin_tasks.md

</tldr>

> Task dedicated to executing the code instrumentation using the Ant tasks provided by the used IntelliJ Platform dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executes the code instrumentation using the Ant tasks provided by the used IntelliJ Platform dependency.
```

### `pluginVersion`
{#patchPluginXml-pluginVersion}

The plugin version is displayed in the <control>Plugins</control> settings dialog and on the JetBrains Marketplace plugin page,

> and plugins uploaded to the JetBrains Marketplace must follow [semantic versioning](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/semver.htm).

Reviewer: I would keep two simpler sentences (a general rule for copywriting is to try to make sentences short). Removing a separate paragraph is fine to me.
